Diaty Notes
Diary Note No.1 -------- Magic System
This place was built by man using the power of the gods. Some people had the affinity for their magic. Favored by them. My people the Goldens were the best of the best. We had a deep understanding of the flow of energy they emited just by existing. But now I dont feel their toutch. Even my crystal that stored the power of Sa'hur from the stas is drained. What happened to them? I can still feel their magic around but faint. I need to get closer to light, that way I might be able to trap some power in my crystal so I can use it. So much time must have passed, this place looks like a ruin at this rate, all the glory and elegance is a thing of the past. I hate these memories, I should have died, yet I'm here...yet I am.

Diary Note No.2 --------- Respawn
This is against the law of the gods. I should be dead. My journey changed me, I already knew... But even now it furiates me. No resting place for us damned. I shouldn't exist yet the mere concept of existing keeps us alive. The Entity.That's the name we call it now, by seeing it it lached onto us. Like a parasite. It has motive now, the thing that stayed with us. That's why we came back... The Goldens...now we are just the doom that's coming. Until we do our task we live on. This is no life, just a purpose. I hope it brings us peace once we are through with it. My mind is jumbled, are the others like me? Full of hate? Empty?

Diary Note No.3 ---------- Hissing Scorpion
Abomination! This is no creature of the gods. What in the blight happened here. Did the Entity touch this place as we came in contact with it? Yet...I feel the presence of nature on them, like the slight shine through a cloth it grazes my sight. The gods must have abandoned humanity. What have the humans done to lose their favor?
This creature seems like the common desert scorpion from the Martazin Empire of the east Dunes. It shouldn't be here in the first place, the weather conditions are not optional for the species. Did it migrate as it evolved to be resilient to such cold weather from this place? The body is bigger, the cerapace armore is like steel. It even used magic during the fight. Blighted thing it is. Disgust manifested.

Diary Note No.4 ------------ Sewer Leech
Another creature of shame. Twisted these gods have became. Leeches that feasted on small drops of water and their own waste. Their life is darkness no knowledge other than the feeling of their brothers and the coldness of the sewers. Similar to the small remain of the Entity that commands us Goldens now.
Just like the scorpion, I remember as a young lad walking in the creek behind the training camps and picking them off our feet with my comrades. I wonder if they are too cursed with these memories before the emptyness. Wishing they wouldn't remember. Wishing we died together forever ago.

Diary Note No.5 ---------- Desert Fox
Such powerful magic. It seems mammals absorbed more power from the gods than others. Reanimated corpse of a desert fox. Even dead thing walk, the gods didn't just lose their mind. They are unpresent, their essence is let lose on the world... Just like a rotting corpse. Nature absorbbed their power, like a body's warmth. But how could this be? How could the gods die. I can feel a presence beside the entity in me. I tought it was the gods, but now I feel it's not the same. Is this the thing that took over the place of the gods?
Also this animal once again just like the scorpion isn't native to this land. Did the landmasses change during our time away?

Diary Note No.6 ----------- Veiled Soldiers
Humans. With no magic. At least not with the same kind I have. Their source of power must be different, but where. As I tought their connection with the gods is completely severed. Body and reflexes seem above average. Better reaction time than most elite soldiers from the past. The language is the same, easily understandable. Moderately armoured. Expensive clothes, by our times standard. Hand stitched, colored embroidery. The symbol on their veils seems like a variation on the Martazin Empires Royal sigil. Maybe the royal line of the Martazinian bloodline has survived our time away?

Diary Note No.7 ----------- Soldiers Note fromcorpse
...gain and again he says we will get there. When? What is the point? The commander is loseing his mind. We should be going east instead he leads us west. "Special orders" he says. Blighted bastard, he leads us deeper in the desert every day.

Today too. We went west. We should be at the frontlines at River Court supporting the siege effort. Yet we march in the desert. The commander feels the eyes on his back, he seems more and more nervious as the days go. He started talking to himself at night. Last night when I fetched the quoted water I heard him say someting "As I said, he will be dealth with!... No matter that.....We have the numbers even if he is awoken with all his might we slay him.....The men are no problem they are nearvous, if you appeared among them too they would understand master..."

We found a city! The remains of it atleast. Must have been even bigger than Star Keep with it's sky walks and understreets. Magnificent it is we can't believe it. Time has made sure the dunes swallow it, but it's there! Our water is replenisshed there are wells deep in the sand. The commander said we make camp here and wait. He is getting more mad, he argues with the voice. We call it that. The Voice. Sometimes we hear it. Some think our ears decieve us. I don't know what to believe. But it has a name now.

Creatures crawl out at night. We have to fight them off. The nights are freezing, we are too deep in the desert. But we found what we came here for. I can't even believe it. The folktale of the GOLDENS are real. The users of anciant magic, the peace keepers of the world, the crystal guards of Sa'hur, the discoverers of other worlds who walked on stars. They are real! We found one of the Graveforts of the Goldens.this is what we were looking for. Now the commander says we must search for the grave. The grave of a legend.

This isn't going well. We lost some people. We have water from the wells but food is scarse. We can't eat the scorpions they are poisonous. We have butchered a horse, but it's almost time for another if it goes on like this. This place is a mystery, no door handles no laches, how did they open the blighted doors. The commander has been burried in the sand. His last moments haunt me. He shrieked as a scorpion burried it's fangs in his leg. He yelled out to the Voice. "Save me master! Save me! Please!" Now we don't know what to do. If we go back we will be brought to military court. They must think we deserted. We decided to listen to the faint whispers of the Voice. Even I heard it, it said "Search....the rest" as I was down the Gravefort. We will get to the resting place of the golden. Get every artifact we find and bring it back to our homeland. Maybe our superiors will have mercy on us for finding this place.

Diary Note No.8 ----------- Library Book (historical paragraphs)
Lots of books around from my time. But there is this: The Golden Age and it's silent Fall by Ra'is Gefrail.
.....
"It is eminent that we no longer live the Golden Age of humanity. Why do I say that as I write this on a quill made by master craftsman honed to perfection on a hair thin layer of paper made so complicated I would have to ask a professional how it was made. Because of magic. The one the Courtesans use isn't the same. They perfect hyper focus of the psyche, completely tuning into their mind and body. Perfecting every movement, predicting logical and probable scenarios based on their gathered information in a seconds time. The other used by the Goldens, yes the Goldens there are too many historical records of their existence to not be true. Even the Graveforts mysterious way of working point to the existence of a magic not known by modern humans. The stories say they could manipulate gravity, capture the power of the seas and stars. The old Martazin Empires grand Chapel is also made by ways we still can not recreate to this day. How the limestone is melted together with the brass bars in the east and west wing is a question argued by many. How can we then argue that we live in our most prosperous when we can't recreate a simple construction job by the comon peasant of two thousand years ago."
........
Two thousand. Years. And the most shocking is that this book is labeled to be "876 Before the Arrtazinian Great Collapse" so at least 2876 years have passed. This Ra'is must be an ancient thinker in the eyes of todays man.

Diary Note No.9 ----------- Soldiers Note from camp
My name is Cr'ea Vartholy from the Hazarath Militia, Veiled Calvary. If you find this letter please return it to my family and tell them I died in combat as I layed siege to River Court.
My love and sunshine Uranha i will pave the way for our gardens on the moon and wait for you as long as it takes.
My father Cr'arum you told me you would follow me in death if I pass sooner than you. Please don't do it, help Uranha in her days she will need a shoulder to cry on. For you I shall make a chair of Moon rocks, it takes time so be patient and let me work on it before we meet again. I will meet mother and tell her all about our days since her passing.
And finally to my sweetest boy Cr'ure don't take the Veil youself, there is no glory moving to the command of old man as a young lad. I wish I never did. Take care of your mother and listen to her, she knows best for you. When you follow us in the life beyond the sky I want to hear all about your years of happiness. And when you do as an old man we will greet you with open arms.
Now I speak to the person reading this standing above my rotten flesh in the desert. Tear this part off the paper once you read fully. We found the resting place of one of the great Goldens here. The Gravefort is burried by dunes but it's there. Kill the remain deep underground, if you can. Try however you can. The Voice is wise listen to it in the wind.

Diary Note No.10 --------------- Research Papers
"212 After the Arrtazinian Great Collapse. Subject is unreaponsive, young male, good health conditions. Affinity of old magic is evident yet they can not open the Gravesite. Relocating to the Gravefort seems to make them agitated. They started saying god talks to them when they turn their head. Heavy mood swings everytime they are set to do testing on the Gravesites entrance. Personal note: The Graveforts science team is getting similar visions and toughts as the subject. I suspect this place has been charmed to keep outsiders out, make them paranoid."
They also heard the Voice the soilders heard, how long has it been lureing people to this place to destroy my astral gravesite? It must be the pressence I felt before. But what could it be? It doesn't understand the magic of the gods, yet it feels so similar.

Diary Note No.11 ------------ Special Operations
This seems like an official letter from the Martazin Court of Scribes. Even the sigil matches.
"By order of the Martazin Empire you must establish a strong hold on the Goldens Astral Gravefort. We must wait their arrival and make them turncoat to the cause of the Emperor. We can't afford to lose it after so much bloodshed. Your objective is to hold point until reinforcement arrives. By the Emperor's Black Inked Scribe."
It seems with our disappearance the Martazin Empire started conquering land to the west. This must have been sent to a high official, the Black Inked Scribes only took orders from the Emperor himself. This letter must be almost as old as I am.

Diary Note No.12 ------------ Personal Observations
Thousands of years. No wonder the dunes moved in these parts, the world is not the one we knew. This "Voice" it wants us dead. The thing with the same presence as a god. Did it take over? Based on the human abilities I encontered it must have. That's why the Veiled soldiers had such fightin provess. Different god, different kind of magic. It doesn't matter, our mission is the same. We will get what we came back for. This anger of existence to be let lose. Even now the Entity's will moves me forward. Justice must be served by any means necesarry. Justice.... such a flawed concept by itself. 
